# SRS-FacialRecogSignInKiosk
This is a software specification document for a distributed subject sign-in and identification application, designed primary for professional photographers but viable in other fields.

## Introduction
As the barrier to entry for photography has been reduced by technology improving the quality and lowering the cost of photographic equipment, most professional photography companies can expect a steady decline in the average dollar amount spent and the rate of participation at most photo shoots. In order to maintain a sustainable business, a modern school and league photography company must photograph the largest possible number of subjects in the most rapid and efficient way possible, while still maintaining a desirable level of quality in all photos taken, and ensuring that all possible parents have an opportunity to view and easily order the photos being taken.
Currently, acquiring contact information from subjects consists of manually entering handwritten fields from sign-in sheets or order forms. Associating images with subjects has been done by either manually writing down image numbers on order forms or rosters, or by scanning barcodes on cards or labels which were previously distributed to subjects. These processes are time-consuming and error-prone. In order to maximize efficiency, minimize errors and reduce labor costs, the proposed software will streamline the process of receiving contact information from the subject and it will automate the association of images with subjects.
## Purpose
This document lays out a project plan for the development of a new software to which will improve the efficiency of acquiring and transferring data between user inputs and a kiosk system.
The intended readers of this document are current and future developers working on this new project and the sponsors of the project. The plan will include, but is not restricted to, a summary of the software and functionality, the scope of the project from the perspective of the developers, scheduling and delivery estimates, project risks and how those risks will be mitigated, the process by which the project will be developed, and metrics and measurements that will be recorded throughout the project.
 
In short, the purpose of this SRS document is to provide a detailed overview of our software product, its parameters, and goals. This document describes the project's target audience and its user interface, hardware and software requirements. It defines how our client, team, and audience see the product and its functionality. Nonetheless, it helps any designer and developer to assist in software delivery lifecycle processes.
